RHDEVDOCS-4277: Added the bug 2092140 in OCP 4.10.20 release notes (Z stream update) (#49203)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-10-release-notes.adoc

* Previously, Bond Container Network Interface (CNI) version 1.0 was not compatible with the Multus Container Network Interface (CNI) plug-in. Consequently, the Bond-CNI IP address management (IPAM) improperly populated the `network-status` annotation. With this update, IPAM and Bond-CNI now supports Bond-CNI 1.0. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2084289[*BZ#2084289*])

> * Before this update, the Pipeline start form was always created using a hardcoded value, gp2, as the default storageclass. With this update, the Pipeline start form uses the correct storageclass name instead of the hardcoded value, gp2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the Pipeline start form was always created using a hard-coded value, `gp2`, as the default storage class. With this update, the Pipeline start form uses the correct storage class name instead of the hard-coded value, `gp2`.
```
- I'm not finding "Pipeline start form" or similar expressions anywhere in openshift-docs repo. I'm concerned whether this is the correct and standard description of this feature. 
- SSG: A "hard-coded" value is a value that is configured in the source code such that it cannot be altered without modifying the code.
- Red Hat prefers using "storage class" over "`storageclass`" in this content because you are not referring to a specific API object, as covered in https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#object-references.

Reviewer: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#quick-markup-reference

Use backticks for all non-GUI "system items", including:

- Inline commands, operations, literal values, variables, parameters, settings, flags, environment variables, user input. 
- System term/item, usernames, unique or example names for individual API objects/resources (e.g., a pod named mypod), daemon, service, or software package
- RPM packages
- File names or directory paths

> * Before this update, the Pipeline start form was always created using a hardcoded value, gp2, as the default storageclass. With this update, the Pipeline start form uses the correct storageclass name instead of the hardcoded value, gp2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the Pipeline start form was always created using a hard-coded value, `gp2`, as the default storage class. With this update, the Pipeline start form uses the correct storage class name instead of the hard-coded value, `gp2`.
```
- I'm not finding "Pipeline start form" or similar expressions anywhere in openshift-docs repo. I'm concerned whether this is the correct and standard description of this feature. 
- SSG: "A "hard-coded" value is a value that is configured in the source code such that it cannot be altered without modifying the code."
- Red Hat prefers using "storage class" over "`storageclass`" in this content because you are not referring to a specific API object, as covered in https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#object-references.

Reviewer 2: @Dhruv-Soni11 You can use the term "Start Pipeline page" instead of "Pipeline start form"

Author: Thank you @sanketpathak for providing the feedback so quickly. I have gone ahead and incorporated the changes. @rolfedh kindly view the changes and let me know if it is fine.

> * Before this update, the Start Pipeline page was always created using a hard-coded value, `gp2`, as the default storage class. With this update, the Start Pipeline page uses the correct storage class name instead of the hard-coded value, `gp2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the *Start Pipeline* page displayed `gp2` as the storage class, regardless of the actual storage class used. With this update, the *Start Pipeline* page displays the actual storage class name.
```
I believe this is your intended meaning.

Author: @rolfedh - Indeed, this is what I have meant from the start. Thank you for providing such valuable feedback. I have gone ahead and incorporated the changes. Kindly have a look and let me know if it looks good to you.
